Send history_instance in the `pre_create_historical_record` signal (#471)
treyhunner/django-simple-history: docs/advanced.rst

By default, django-simple-history stores the changes for all fields in the model.

Adding additional fields to historical models
---------------------------------------------

Sometimes it is useful to be able to add additional fields to historical models that do not exist on the
source model. This is possible by combining the ``bases`` functionality with the ``pre_create_historical_record`` signal.

.. code-block:: python

    # in models.py
    class IPAddressHistoricalModel(models.Model):
        """
        Abstract model for history models tracking the IP address.
        """
        ip_address = models.GenericIPAddressField(_('IP address'))

        class Meta:
            abstract = True

    class PollWithExtraFields(models.Model):
        question = models.CharField(max_length=200)
        pub_date = models.DateTimeField('date published')

        history = HistoricalRecords(bases=[IPAddressHistoricalModel,]

.. code-block:: python

    # define your signal handler/callback anywhere outside of models.py

>     def add_history_ip_address(sender, **kwargs):

Reviewer: Should this have a `@receiver` decorator?

Author: Nah, because we manually `connect()` in `ready()` below. `@receiver` is how I originally had it when I encountered the flake8 issues regarding not being able to find the symbol for `sender=HistoricalPollWithExtraFields`.

        instance = kwargs['instance']
        history_instance = kwargs['history_instance']

>         history_instance.ip_address = instance.request.META['REMOTE_ADDR']

Reviewer: Let's test this. Don't think the instance has a request. But the thread should have one

>         history_instance.ip_address = HistoricalRecords.thread.request.META['REMOTE_ADDR']

Reviewer: Still want to add that grabbing the thread only works if the middleware is turned on?

Adding additional fields to historical models
---------------------------------------------

Sometimes it is useful to be able to add additional fields to historical models that do not exist on the
source model. This is possible by combining the ``bases`` functionality with the ``pre_create_historical_record`` signal.

.. code-block:: python

    # in models.py
    class IPAddressHistoricalModel(models.Model):
        """
        Abstract model for history models tracking the IP address.
        """
        ip_address = models.GenericIPAddressField(_('IP address'))

        class Meta:
            abstract = True

    class PollWithExtraFields(models.Model):
        question = models.CharField(max_length=200)
        pub_date = models.DateTimeField('date published')

        history = HistoricalRecords(bases=[IPAddressHistoricalModel,]

.. code-block:: python

    # define your signal handler/callback anywhere outside of models.py
    def add_history_ip_address(sender, **kwargs):
        thread = threading.local()
        history_instance = kwargs['history_instance']
        # (thread.request for use only in conjunction with the simple_history middleware)

>         history_instance.ip_address = thread.request.META['REMOTE_ADDR']

Reviewer: Might want to note that this will only work if the middleware is on (and the thread has a request)

Using signals
------------------------------------

> django-simple-history includes signals that helps you provide custom behaviour when saving a historical record. Arguments passed to the signals include the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`django-simple-history` includes signals that help you provide custom behavior when saving a historical record. Arguments passed to the signals include the following:
```
